we're done
thank you very much I think there's
gonna be a very important conference and
I'll get to that toward the middle but I
have a few things to report and want to
thank you all for being here and I have
to say I think with social distancing
that the media has been much nicer I
don't know what it is all these empty
please in between chairs we probably
shouldn't have anybody sitting behind
you either you know I should probably go
back but I love it it's so much nicer
but I shouldn't say that because you'll
get me now thank you all for being here
and we continue our relentless effort to
defeat the Chinese virus before I begin
I want to start by announcing that today
we are bringing home another American
citizen and it's a big thing very big
mom our fake Cory is on his way back to
the United States after being imprisoned
in Lebanon since September of 2019 he's
battling late-stage cancer mr. Hikari
will now be able to receive the
much-needed care and treatment in the
United States we've been working very
hard to get him freed then he's finally
able to have his entire family at his
side so I'm very grateful to the
Lebanese government they worked with us
and we are very proud of his family they
stood by him so strongly and they are
thrilled the United States has no higher
priority than the safety and well-being
of our citizens we've gotten a
tremendous number of hostages out as you
know I think we're 42 and oh and Robert
O'Brien as you know was chief negotiator
for a large part of it in fact did so
well that now we have him in a different
position so I want to thank and
congratulate Robert and his team and I
want to let everyone know that
recovering Americans held captive and
imprisoned abroad continues to be a top
priority for my administration we
have one young gentleman Austin Tice and
we're working very hard with Syria to
get him out we hope the Syrian
government will do that counting on them
to do that we've written a letter just
recently but he's been there for a long
time and was captured long ago Austin
Tice his mother's probably watching and
she's a great lady and we're doing the
best we can
so Syria please work with us and we
would appreciate your letting them out
of you think about what we've done we've
gotten rid of the Isis Caliphate in
Syria we've done a lot for Syria we have
to see if they're going to do this so it
would be very much appreciated if they
would let Austin Tice out immediately as
you know my administration is working
every day to protect American people and
the American economy from the virus
yesterday I signed into law a critical
support for American workers families
and small businesses big thing we're
providing sick leave and family medical
leave to those affected by the virus and
more health is on the way as we speak
our entire team headed by secretary
minuchin is on the hill we're working
with Democrats and Republicans and
there's a lot of goodwill going on this
was something that happened that was
some people would say an act of God I
don't view it as an act of God I would
view it as as something that just
surprised the whole world and if people
would have known about it it could have
stopped been stopped in place it could
have been stopped right where it came
from China if we would have known about
it if they would have known about it but
now the whole world almost is inflicted
with this horrible
with this horrible virus and it's too
bad it's too bad because we never had an
economy as good as the economy we had
just a few weeks ago but we'll be back
and I actually think we'll be back
stronger than ever before because we
learned a lot during this period of time
I also just invoked the defense
production act to help facilitate
distribution of essential supplies if
necessary we're working with Congress to
provide major additional relief to the
workers small businesses and the hardest
hit industries we want to make sure that
everybody is able to continue on so that
when we recover all of these companies
and these great businesses both very
very small and very very large they're
not gonna be broken up and you'd have to
put them back together that would take a
long time because we really believe in I
believe in the V curve I believe it's
gonna go when this is when this is
defeated this hidden scourge is defeated
I think we're gonna go up very rapidly
our economy and get back to where it was
and beyond today I want to share with
you exciting progress that the FDA is
making with the private sector as we
slash red tape like nobody has ever done
it before somebody was on yesterday or
one of the networks and said that
there's never been a president even
close that's been able to do what I've
done in slashing all of the red tape and
everything to get very important things
to the market medical so we slash red
tape to develop vaccines and therapies
as fast as it can possibly be done long
before anybody else was even thinking
about doing this and as you know earlier
this week we began the first clinical
trial of a vaccine candidate for the
virus and that was launched in record
time it was just a few weeks and that
would have taken years to do not so long
ago as we race to develop a vaccine
we're also pursuing antiviral therapies
and that's what really we're going to be
talking to you about today that's the
purpose of being up here today and to me
that's even more important
vaccine by its nature you have to have
long tests because you have to make sure
what goes into somebody's body is not
going to do destruction do bad things so
you need long tests and they're doing
great with the vaccines but there's
still a long process but the therapies
are something we can move on much faster
potentially and the treatments that
we'll be able to reduce the severity or
duration of the symptoms make people
better essentially with looking at
things to make people better or at the
very earliest stages they wouldn't even
know they had it and that's where I
believe it's going to work even the best
the FDA Commissioner Steven on who's
with us he's fantastic and he's been
working 24 hours a day he's been worked
like probably as hard or harder than
anybody in this in the group other than
maybe Mike Pence or me and what the FDA
is doing is incredible
they've done things in times that were
not even thinkable and I've directed the
FDA to eliminate outdated rules and
bureaucracy so this work can proceed
rapidly quickly and I mean fast and we
have to remove every barrier there are a
lot of barriers that were unnecessary
and they've done that to get the rapid
deployment of safe effective treatments
and we think we have some good answers
we'll find out very very soon clinical
trials are already underway for many new
therapies and we're working on scaling
these to allow many more Americans to
access different drugs that have shown
really good promise we've had some
really good promise we will do so in a
way that lets us continue to collect
good data to know which menace
are safe and which medicines are working
the best we have a couple that where
we're in really good shape on and that's
for immediate delivery immediate like as
fast as we can get it the fda has also
approved compassionate use for a
significant number of patients you know
what that means we're also reviewing
drugs that are approved abroad or drugs
approved here for other uses and you
know one of the things that I'm most
proud of that I got was right to try
that's where somebody who's ill somebody
who's very sick terminally ill usually
in past administrations we signed us a
year and a half ago you wouldn't be able
to even think about getting any of the
drugs that may be showing great promise
now and they've been trying for many
decades to get this approved and it
sounds simple but it's not because it's
liability involved and lots of other
things and I was able to get it approved
working with Congress right to try this
is beyond right to try what we're
talking about today is beyond right to
try right to try a spend by the way
tremendous success people are living now
that had no chance of living where we
take treatments that would things that
that would have to go through years of a
process and if somebody was terminally
ill and I would say why wouldn't they be
able to try this Ted go to Asia they go
to Europe they go all over the world to
try and find something or some people
have they had no money we go home to die
they go home to die they had no hope
right to try as been an incredible
success but this is beyond right to try
if treatment is known to be safe in
Europe Japan or other nations are
effective against a virus will use that
information to protect the health and
safety of American people nothing will
stand in our way as we pursue any avenue
to find what best works against this
horrible virus now a drug called
chloroquine
and some people would add to it hydroxy
hydroxychloroquine so chloroquine or
hydroxychloroquine now this is a common
malaria drug it's also a drug used for
strong arthritis somebody has pretty
serious arthritis also uses this in a
somewhat different form but it is known
as a malaria drug and it's been around
for a long time and it's very powerful
but the nice part is it's been around
for a long time so we know that if it if
if things don't go as planned it's not
going to kill anybody when you go with a
brand new drug you don't know that
that's gonna happen you have to see and
you have to go long tests but this has
been used in different forms very
powerful drug in different forms and
it's shown very encouraging very very
encouraging early results and we're
going to be able to make that drug
available almost immediately and that's
where the FDA has been so great they
they've gone through the approval
process it's been approved and they did
it they took it down from many many
months to immediate so we're gonna be
able to make that drug available by
prescription or States I spoke with
Governor Cuomo about it at great length
last night and he wants to be right on
on the he wants to be first on the line
and so I think that's a tremendous is
tremendous promise based on the results
and other tests this tremendous promise
and normally the FDA would take a long
time to approve something like that and
it's it was approved very very quickly
and it's now approved by prescription
individual states will handle it they
can handle it doctors will handle it
and I think it's gonna be I think it's
gonna be great
then we're quickly studying this drug
and while we're continuing to study it
but the studying is going to be also
done in as it's given out to large
groups of people perhaps in New York and
other places will study it there there
are promising therapies produced by
Gilead and that's where MD sir
voir remem desa bar and that's a drug
used for other purposes that's been out
and said very good results for other
purposes but it seems to have a very
good result having to do with this virus
and that drug also has been approved or
very close to approved in that case by
the FDA and I can't tell you how much we
appreciate what the FDA these people are
incredible Patriots and the job that
Stephen Han is doing dr. Han was one of
the most respected doctors in the
country by the way well we took him I
said you sure you want to do this now we
didn't know that this was going to be in
the playlist what happened here but he
really has stepped up to the plate
well the you are words a chink is him
but I'm not supposed to do that getting
a lot of trouble if I did but he's been
fantastic and I thank you doctor he's
gonna speak right after I'm finished so
Regeneron again and sum is a company
that's done fantastically well as I
understand with Ebola and some other
things great company and they're looking
at some very promising events also so
you have rim deaths of voir and you have
cleric wind and i dro hydroxychloroquine
so those are two that are out now
essentially approved for prescribe use
and I think it's going to be very
exciting I think it could be
the game-changer and maybe not and maybe
not but I think it could be based on
what I see it could be a game-changer
very powerful they're very powerful so I
want every American to know that we're
doing everything we can and these
actions are important next steps I mean
for the FDA to act the way they acted
with this kind of speed is an incredible
thing normally they'd say well we can
have it by next year or we could have it
by in two years from now you understand
this is the way normally it's like years
and years and years they had it
immediately based on the fact that it's
been used for other things totally
unrelated things we believe these
therapeutics and others under evaluation
right now we'll be able to provide
relief to many Americans we really hope
that's going to be this could be a
tremendous breakthrough tremendous
breakthrough and we will work toward a
much needed - vaccine in the future as I
said and what we're doing with the FDA
is so exciting in so many other fields
so many things are happening it's a very
exciting time for for medicine and we
appreciate that the American public has
pulled together they're really staying
home and I think there's tremendous
spirit in this country right now it's
spirit like a lot of people have not
seen people have not seen anything like
it
for a long time and that means
democrat-republican they're pulling
together I hope everything's going good
in the hill maybe I shouldn't say this
until I check out what's going on
because you never know but but I think
there's a great spirit where the
Democrats the Republicans and everybody
else they're getting together and
they're trying to get things done but
most importantly the American public has
been incredible we took the best economy
we've ever had and we said stop you
can't work you have to stay home you
know there's never been a case like this
normally you pay a lot of money to get
things going here's a case we were
paying a lot of money to stop things
because we don't want people to
be together so that this virus doesn't
continue onward so there's never been
anything like this in history there's
never been a nobody's ever seen anything
like this but we're doing the right
thing we have to get rid of in our big
war is not a it's not a financial war
it's a war and it's a medical war we
have to win this war it's very important
with that I'd like to just introduce dr.
Stephen Hahn and he again I'd like to
send back with Stephen our thanks to all
of the people working in the FDA who are
fantastic talented people we appreciate
it very much everything you've done
especially the speed that you got these
two elements these two very important
drugs passed thank you very much thank
you mr. president I want to thank you
for your leadership during this corona
virus outbreak and thank you for the
kind words about the FDA staff we have
10,000 scientists doctors and others and
more than that working around the clock
to aid the American people in this fight
against the corona virus and those words
are very much appreciated sir thank you
so um before the president nominated me
and I was confirmed as commissioner from
drugs that was a cancer doctor and I've
sat across from countless number of
patients and had to talk to them about
their diagnosis and their treatment and
one thing that was really important is
to provide hope I have great hope for
how we're going to come out of this
situation what's also important is not
to provide false hope
but to provide hope and as a doctor
that's the way I come to this I'm
speaking now to the American people as
commissioner of food and drugs but that
part of me has not left just look at the
way the American people have responded
to our calls for mitigation for social
distancing American people have great
resiliency and I'm so incredibly proud
of how the American people have
responded as the president mentioned he
asked us to be aggressive to break down
barriers to innovation and to accelerate
the development of life-saving
treatments and we're doing that at the
FDA the FDA is committed to continuing
to provide regulatory flexibility
guidance but let me make one thing clear
FDA's responsibility to the American
people is to ensure that products are
safe and effective and yet we are
continuing to do that our folks and
their tremendous professionals are
working day and night to do this you
just can't even imagine how much they're
working to provide the support for the
American people and I thank them since
early January long before the first
domestic case FDA began working in
collaboration with CDC I also want to
note that we stood up an incident
command group and have been focused on
the corona virus since the very
beginning of this public health
emergency this is in addition and all of
government and all America proach and
I'll describe what I mean by that in
terms of the development of therapeutics
an important part of that work is
expanding the potential therapeutic
options associated with corona virus and
we've learned from our colleagues across
the globe about this but I I want to
focus on one thing I was a cancer
researcher before all this and one thing
I know about this great country of ours
is that we have unbelievable innovators
we have people who every day it's their
job to develop treatments for all sorts
of diseases we are incredibly blessed as
a country to have this and as is true in
any illness these great American
innovators academia private sector they
have engaged us about the best possible
treatment options we are looking at
everything that's coming across our
desks as possible treatment options for
coronavirus and we're extremely
encouraged by the interest and the
promise that we've seen from these great
American innovators now again we need to
look at it we need the data we need the
information to make the absolute best
decisions for American people but I want
to assure you we have over 17,000 people
at FDA who are doing this every day we
need we need to make sure that these the
see of new treatments will get the right
drug to the right patient at the right
dosage at the right time as an example
we may have the right drug but it may
not be in the appropriate dosage form
right now and that may do more harm than
good those are the things that that's
our job to look at
and that's why it's really important we
have these dedicated professionals
looking at these aspects of therapeutic
development at the same time we're also
working through different mechanisms to
actually get drugs into the hands of
providers and patients the president
mentioned this but one of the mechanisms
called compassionate use let me just
tell you about this if there's an
experimental drug that's potentially
available a doctor could ask for that
drug to be used in a patient we have
criteria for that and very speedy
approval for that the important thing
about compassionate use and that's what
the president meant this is even beyond
right to try is that we get to collect
the information about that because one
of the things has no promise the
American people is we will collect the
data and then make the absolute right
decisions based upon those data about
the safety and efficacy of the
treatments we are working expeditiously
and we are working to make sure that
these products are as safe and effective
as they possibly can be it can be let me
tell you about a few things that we're
currently working on and this is a plan
that was developed with many of the
people at this table are infectious
disease experts on the task force in the
short term we're looking at drugs that
are already approved for other
indications so they're already approved
as the president said for other diseases
as an example many Americans have read
studies and heard media reports about
this drug chloroquine which is an
anti-malarial drug it's already approved
as the president said for the treatment
of malaria as well as an arthritis
condition that's a drug that the
president has directed us to take a
closer look at as to whether an expanded
use approach to that could be done to
actually see if that benefits patients
and again we want to do that in the
setting of a clinical trial a large
pragmatic clinical trial to actually
gather that information and answer the
question that needs to be answered and
asked and answered let me give you
another example
there's a cross-agency effort about
something called convalescent plasma
this is a pretty exciting area and again
this is something that we have given
assistance to other countries with as
this crisis has developed so FDA's been
working for some time on this if you've
been exposed to coronavirus and you're
better you don't have the virus in your
blood
we could collect the blood now this is a
possible treatment this is not a proven
treatment just want to emphasize that
collect the blood concentrate that and
have the ability once its pathogen free
that is virus free be able to give that
to other patients and the
immunoglobulins the immune response
could potentially provide a benefit to
patients it's another thing that we're
looking at over the next couple weeks
we'll have more information that we're
really pushing hard to try to accelerate
that that's in this sort of more medium
short term and that'll be a bridge to
other therapies that will take us three
to six months to develop and this is a
continuous process there is no beginning
and end to each of this this is you know
we're pushing this through the other
great thing about the great innovators
of America some of them tell us it's
taken us years years to develop
therapies they're looking at pushing
that to the months period of time and
we're trying to provide them the
regulatory flexibility but at the same
time the scientific oversight to make
sure that gets done in the best way
possible for the American people the
president mentioned that there is a
vaccine trial currently being performed
it's a phase one trial so it's the
earliest study that gets done we expect
that to take 12 months to get depletion
to actually a time where we could
approve a vaccine but that's these are
all things to bridge to the prevention
part of this with a vaccine it's
exciting work and the president is right
this is record time for the development
of a vaccine and impressive
public-private partnership the FDA's
efforts to facilitate the development of
these products are focused on ensuring
timely access while also meeting the
agency's world respected gold standard
relying on strong data from clinical
trials to determine if an experimental
or an off-the-shelf drug that's used for
something else can safely and
effectively treat patients we want to
assure the American people that FDA is
all hands on deck as the president
mentioned these efforts and continue to
work with interested sponsors to help
expedite the work we remain steadfast in
helping to foster the development of
safe and effective therapies for koban
19 thank you Mary
Thank You mr. president
the White House coronavirus task force
met this morning and on this very first
day of springg
we continue to make steady progress
toward president Trump's objective not
only to marshal all the resources of the
federal government every state
government every every local health
official but also to harness the power
of the American private sector and
activities over the last day reflect all
of those priorities
yesterday the president spoke with
America's top physicians and nurses and
garnered helpful insights about how we
can best serve those who are serving
Americans that are dealing with the
coronavirus we also had a productive
call with over 5,000 state and local
officials explaining the federal
government's approach and our strong and
seamless partnership with all 50 states
in the territories last night as you
heard the president side the family
first coronavirus response act which
provides free coronavirus testing paid
sick leave family leave for caregivers
and food assistance for the needy among
a rope fraud range of benefits and today
as the president indicated we expect
that the Senate will begin work on an
economic relief package later today the
president and I will meet again in a
teleconference with the nation's
governors we will meet at the National
Response Coordination Center at FEMA and
outline president Trump's decision to
have FEMA take the lead in our national
coronavirus response our nation's
response through FEMA will be locally
executed state managed and federally
supported on testing we want the
American people to know once again the
testing is available in all 50 states as
is becoming increasingly available
literally every hour of the day because
of the public-private partnership that
the president initiated several weeks
ago with major commercial labs I'm
pleased to receive a report today that
tens of thousands of tests are being
performed every day and with the passage
of last night's legislations
state and private labs are now required
by law to report all coronavirus testing
directly to the CDC which will give the
American public and also give our
researchers timely and important
information it's important for every
American to remember that if you don't
have symptoms you don't need to get a
test we want to make sure the testing is
available for people that are
experiencing symptoms or have a genuine
concern about having been exposed to
someone with the corona virus dr. Burks
will address county level data as well
as the progress we've made on testing
and Americans can expect to see how an
increased number of cases as our new
testing system comes online should not
be a cause of concern I shall explain
the importance of taking into account
our new testing system as new data
arrives over the next several days on
supplies a priority the president has
given to our task force we continue to
work with healthcare providers
businesses and state leadership to
identify available supplies not merely
in the federal stockpile but much more
importantly available across the private
sector we're encouraged to see companies
like Honeywell and 3m that I visited a
few short weeks ago take advantage of
the changes in the law last night that
allow the sale of industrial masks
directly to hospitals those companies
have now greatly increased by the tens
of millions their production of
so-called n95 masks that will give our
health care workers the protection that
they need to minister to those that are
dealing with the symptoms or the disease
of coronavirus I'm following the signing
of last night's bill all of those masks
now have liability protection and the
companies can sale industrial masks to
hospitals it is encouraging as we called
out yesterday to see construction
companies all across America that are as
we speak checking their supplies and
donating those industrial masks to their
local hospitals and I know I speak on
behalf of the president we spent a lot
of time as a builder when we thank
builders across America for partnering
with our low
health care officials on the subject of
ventilators we're working with health
care providers around America and and
suppliers and I'm we're encouraged to
learn that we've literally identified
tens of thousands of ventilators that
Bing can be converted to treat patients
and we remain increasingly confident
that we will have the ventilators that
we need as the coronavirus makes its way
across America and as we said before
this we're all in this together
and before I step away and and give the
podium back to the President and to dr.
Burks I want to call every American's
attention again to the president's 15
days to slow the spread we continue to
hear one case after another one city
after another where people are putting
into practice the principles that the
president outlined this Monday and make
no mistake about it that while for the
American people as a whole the risk of
serious illness remains low these
guidelines should be practiced by every
American in every community not only to
lessen the spread of the corona virus
but to protect the most vulnerable among
us and I think Americans with their with
from their hearts are not only
practicing these principles of social
distancing and avoiding social
gatherings of more than 10 people using
drive throughs at restaurants to protect
their own health and the health of their
family but they're also recognizing that
that no American wants to inadvertently
convey the coronavirus to someone for
whom the consequences could be quite
serious at the president's direction
will continue to marshal all the
resources of government at every level
will be reiterating that strong
partnership with America States this
afternoon with America's governors
pulling all of the private sector energy
together the innovation that you just
heard described I know on this first day
of spring that we'll get through this
and we'll get through this together
thank you mister thank you very much
thank you Thank You mr. president so I
know you're watching the data carefully
you can see the dramatic increases in
the number of new cases based on our
ability to test additional people and
this will continue over the next two to
three days as we begin to have backlogs
reduced of the testing you all have
heard the antidotes of people waiting
five or six days for their test results
we are moving through all of that as
well as testing individuals I really
want to applaud the frontline healthcare
workers the nurses and the doctors and
the testers that have really prioritized
and the American people who have a
prioritized those with symptoms the
number of tests positive is increasing
that is a dramatically important
signature that everybody is doing their
job those with mild symptoms are staying
home self isolating those with serious
symptoms are coming forward to getting
testing our test positive rates are now
into the ten to eleven percent range
that still means that 90 percent of the
illness is out there even the severe
ones are not covet 19 I know many of you
are looking at the state-level data
still over 50% of the cases come from
three states this is why we continue to
prioritize testing in those states in
addition 50 percent of the cases come
from ten counties we are a very large
country with very many counties and I
just want to applaud the local and state
governments that are implementing their
emergency operation centers and plans to
ensure I want to also really thank the
health care workers that have been asked
to reduce all elective surgeries medical
and dental visits this will dramatically
increase the number of ventilators that
are available in hospitals but also in
ambulatory surgical centers that can be
converted and utilized and also the to
the construction industry we are deeply
grateful the number as vice president
said the number of individuals have come
forward with their construction mask
their booties their Tyvek suits on suits
and their masks to contribute them to
the health care sector
the President's request to make this
available in that legislation changes
the ability and increases our
availability immediately by than 75 to
90 percent range because the amount of
construction use of those elements thank
you Thank You mr. president mr. vice
president
Oh today you heard a wonderful
announcement from the FDA and I just
want to give a shout out to Steve dr.
Hahn and the folks at the FTA were about
what several hundred of my commissioned
Corps officers work you're right mr.
president
they are tireless they're doing things
that have never been done before
to bring the most most prudent advances
to the American people but I want to
talk about something different briefly
we know many of you are home practicing
the president's guidelines for social
distancing but one thing we should all
consider especially our Millennials in
Gen Z is donating blood as an
anesthesiologist who still practices at
Walter Reed taking care of our wounded
warriors and our soldiers I know donated
blood is an essential part of caring for
patients and one donation can save up to
three lives blood centers are open now
and in need of your donation I want
Americans to know that blood donation is
safe and bled centers are taking extra
precautions at this time based on new
CDC recommendations including spacing
beds six feet apart disinfecting
surfaces between patient's temperature
checking staff and encouraging donors to
make appointments ahead of time so we
can space them out social distancing
does not have to mean social
disengagement so give blood today you'll
feel good about it and you'll be helping
your country and your community during
this crisis and you might even save a
life
switching to the the peppers to boost
the economy with the Commission or
Congress will you guarantee that the
money the billions the tens of billions
of dollars hundreds of billions of
dollars even that's going to go but to
these industries will not go to
executive bonuses or to more stock
buybacks well we don't want that in fact
some companies as you know did stock
buybacks and I was never happy with that
it's very hard to tell them not to but I
would tell them not to I would say I
don't like it for that reason some data
and it turned out that they could have
waited a long time it would have been
much better off if they did the
condition of the bill you could say that
none of this morning can go I'm making I
mean you know take so many many people
in this case to tango but as far as I'm
concerned that conditions like that
would be okay with me you another
question for dr. klahn you enabled I
guess is probably the best way to put it
the defense production Act yesterday but
you don't pull the trigger on it no
because we hope we're not going to need
that from the Democratic leadership pull
the trigger on what wait what's the
rationale for not doing
first of all governors are supposed to
be doing a lot of this work and they are
doing a lot of this work federal
government's not supposed to be out
there buying vast amounts of items and
then shipping you know we're not a
shipping clerk the governors are
supposed to be as with testing the
governor's supposed are supposed to be
doing it will help out and will help out
wherever we can and we can buy in volume
and in some cases great volume with the
masks as an example which were really a
problem we have helped out and they're
right now millions of masks being made
but this is really for the local
governments governors and people within
the state depending on the way they
divided it up and they'll do that and
they're doing a very good job of it
where you have a problem with
ventilators we're working very hard
trying to find nobody in their wildest
dreams would have ever thought that we
need tens of thousands of ventilators
this is something that's very unique to
this to what happened
additions would you put the defense
production Act into action well if we
were desperately in need of something
and we frankly will know about that very
shortly we want to be ahead of we don't
want to do it as it happens but before
it happens we're gonna know a lot over
the next two or three days we'll know a
lot any idea when REM disappear will be
available to the market and are there
any drugs in the pipeline that you
believe could qualify for a treatment
ion beam so with respect to the first
question I'm prohibited by law to
disclose confidential commercial
information what I can tell you is we're
working very closely with the company on
this and we'll have additional
information they will relatively soon
yes there are drugs in the pipeline
we're looking at everyone everyone on
this Dyess gets calls every day as to
all of our people at the FDA about
potential therapeutic options we are
looking at every single one of them no
I'm not but we're trying to find that
out this has been going on for years
many years they've been trying to find
Austin Tice he was in Syria as you know
his mother is an incredible woman and
I'm doing it for him but I'm doing it
for his mother his brothers an
incredible woman who's desperate to find
her son and I'm not confirming a lot but
if if he is alive if we would like very
much to get him back quickly okay
speaking of shortages of supplies the
CDC has put out guidelines for hospitals
that are dealing with a shortage of mass
to use them beyond their shelf life we
use them instead of getting new ones and
in a worst-case scenario use a bandana
instead of a mask how is that acceptable
at all well I haven't seen that but I
will let Mike answer that question vice
pres I'm happy to mr. president I just I
can't emphasize enough the incredible
progress that was made with the passage
of the legislation last night and
President had me go to Minnesota meet
with 3m that manufactures these in 95
mass a few weeks ago and we learned of
their production at that facility of 35
million mass a month less than five
million of those were qualified to be
sold to hospitals so President worked
with Republican and Democrat leadership
we've extended the liability protection
so now that all the industrial masks
that are manufactured as n95 s are now
available to hospitals and we're seeing
a dramatic increase in production
Honeywell alone is repurposing a factory
that was destined for Mexico to produce
another 120 million mass per year 3m is
increasing output to 420 million masks
per year we really we've put a priority
at the president's direction on making
sure those that are providing health
care services to America have the
protection to keep themselves and their
families safe and with the legislation
last night with the incredible response
among these great privacy active
companies and as we mentioned repeatedly
with construction companies around
America heating the president's call to
donate their industrial mass to
hospitals is happening all over America
we know we'll meet that need
they'd be ready or at least we start
getting them ready well as I mentioned
3m is increasing their output 420
million a year at production and January
they make 35 million per month at that
facility and we're we're prioritizing
the distribution of those but the other
thing and we'll emphasize this with
governor's this afternoon is we're
working with governor's to make sure
that the health care providers the
hospitals and the clinics in their state
are placing orders now that this
tremendous increase in supply
particularly with industrial mass is now
available we're going to make sure they
understand that the supply has greatly
expanded thanks to a bipartisan
legislation and the accomplishment the
president and the response by these
companies is making more mass available
and we're going to make sure healthcare
providers are purchasing those and the
federal government will also make sure
that our stockpile is properly reflects
those increases as well they're
available now
the 3m facility that I was at told me in
that in January they went to full
production on 35 million masks the
legislative change means that all 35
million of those that started to be
produced at full capacity in January can
now be sold to hospitals that's the
distinction here it's a very important
change and it's part of the way the
president has been engaging the private
sector pushing the kind of regulatory
reform and the kind of liability reform
that has greatly expanded of the
availability of mass so they're in the
marketplace now we're gonna make it
clear to governor's as we made it clear
to healthcare providers in conference
calls yesterday that those resources are
now there we've vastly increased the
supply of medical mass and we're going
to continue to put a priority on making
sure that we're calling on industry at
every level calling on major suppliers
at the president met with this week to
make sure that those personal protective
equipment are there
company that had a big problem with
liability and much of it had to do with
the liability to the company thank you
two for you in one for dr. Hahn the
American Hospital Association just told
NBC News that they need a hundred
billion dollars in order to address
shortages in equipment and other
infrastructure there you just signed two
legislative packages they say it didn't
directly give money to address this
issue why not and will you commit to me
looking at that issue directly with them
and that's a separate issue but we're
looking at that issue very directly
we're looking at it very well we're
gonna do our best on it but we're
working with Democrats and Republicans
or that we're looking at that very
specifically you bottom-line people when
can Americans expect their lives to go
back to normal will that not happen
until there's a vaccine
I hope person we'll see this is
uncharted territory as you know we think
we have ideas it doesn't help to say
what the ideas I would hope very soon
we're we've pulled together as a nation
people are for the most part doing what
they're supposed to be doing the social
distancing is very interesting a whole
new term that's become a hot it's become
somewhat of a hot term but people are
listening and they're and they're really
doing a great job this country is an
amazing country I think you're up to 141
different countries right now so it's
very uncharted territory could have
could have been stopped could have been
stopped pretty easily if we had known if
everybody had known about it
a number of months before people started
reading about it excuse me excuse me
before we started reading about we could
have it could have been stopped in its
tracks unfortunately they didn't decide
to make it public but the whole world is
suffering because of it
did have a sense that this was a
pandemic it was coming so why was the
United States not protesting we were
very prepared the only thing we weren't
prepared for was the the media the media
has not treated it fairly I'll tell you
how prepared I was I called for a band
from people coming in from China long
before anybody thought it was in fact it
was your network I believe they called
me a racist because I did that it was
many of the people in the room they
called me racist and other words because
I did that because I went so early so
when you say we weren't prepared had I
left these tens of thousands of people
come in from China a day we would have
had something right now that would have
been you wouldn't have even recognized
it compared to where we are how many
people have passed away how many people
have died as of this moment you could
multiply that by a factor of many many
many so when you say that I wasn't
prepared I was the first one to do the
band now other countries are following
what I did but the media doesn't
acknowledge that they know it's true
they know it's true but they don't want
to write about it they don't to the
states is supposed to get it but we're
helping the state look for years they
bought them and now all of a sudden
they're coming to the federal government
we're working with the states we're
working with the governor's we're
working with everybody the relationships
are great one of the things that
happened this morning I spoke with Micky
Arison of Carnival Cruise Lines and he's
going to make ships available so in
addition to the big medical ships that
you have coming if we should need ships
with lots of rooms
they'll be docked at New York and Los
Angeles and San Francisco different
places so I want to thank Micky Arison
that's Carnival Cruise Lines
I've done it yeah if we find that we
need something that we will do that and
you don't know what we've done you don't
know whether or not we've ordered you
don't know if we've invoked it you don't
know what's been ordered what's not good
I can only tell you I can only tell you
that as an example masks nobody ever
heard of the number of mass that's been
ordered they're being made now and many
are available now but people I think in
the media probably don't know that could
you explain the gap and for the American
people and what you're saying here today
about there being tens of thousands of
tests available about how they're being
a huge amount of masks available and
what we're seeing on the ground which is
really the opposite of that people are
people are saying that they can't get
tested even when they have symptoms
people are saying that they doctors are
telling us they don't have access to
vital equipment can you explain that
that gap well I can't I cannot explain a
gap I'm hearing very good things on the
ground and we're dealing with love they
had a ramp up they had an obsolete
system and they had a system
simultaneously that was not meant for
this it wasn't meant for this nobody
knew there'd be a pandemic or an
epidemic of this proportion nobody's
ever seen anything like this before I
can tell you that what we're doing is
we're working with local governments
with states governors even mayors on
getting them to be able to get what they
need and the system is starting to work
out very well but we had a breaker
system like breaking an egg because the
system we had was obsolete and didn't
work and that was a system we inherited
and now we have something that's really
been very good and certainly going to be
great for the future too yep
your supporters about a port bridge
billow in particular senator micron said
that this could harken back to 2008
we're picking winners and losers and his
colleagues may not be comfortable with
that well we don't want to pick winners
and losers we want everybody to benefit
we want I think more than anything else
the workers to benefit and sometimes for
the worker to benefit you have to go
through the company because they have
thousands of workers and if the company
goes out of business no fault of their
own those workers aren't going to be
able to receive a check so we're look
our ultimate goal or the people our
ultimate goal of the great people of
this country and we will have things
worked out I think that are going to be
very well it's a very complex formula
you understand that very complex but
it's working out I think it's going to
be very well I think we're gonna have
pretty uniform support for it please put
an advisory telling Americans not to
travel overseas at all are you putting
in an overseas travel we're speaking
with the State Department later I can't
say right now because I haven't had the
meeting yet thank you so much I wanted
to ask out rent rent severe I don't
pronounce that correctly
can you tell saves it currently approved
for use on the virus so REM des aveer
and it's a drug made by Gilead that's
been in the press it is currently in
clinical trials here and around the
world we have also made it available by
that approach that I told you called
compassionate use where a doctor could
ask the FDA for that and the really
positive thing about that that gives it
rapidly to a doctor and a patient but it
allows us to collect the data because
what we really need to do is understand
what the data and science are in order
to make the appropriate decision about
safety and effectiveness so how do you
just make sure that it is safe and I
mean is there any concern at all that it
will be safe considering that it's not
going through the normal process and and
potentially cause negative effects dr.
pouchy earlier talked about we do not
want to put out anything that could
cause a negative effects is there any
concern about those kind of things with
this drugs yeah thank you for that
question because I just want to be clear
about this Ramdev severe is going
through the normal process we are using
our internal processes at FDA to set up
with the company the protocols to
actually collect the data and you're
right we need to actually know about the
safety and the effectiveness and that's
done through the clinical trial process
so it's those data that are going to
inform the decisions that are ultimately
made about safety and efficacy this is
an unprecedented situation this is a
really significant time and one thing
that with the president's leadership FDA
has done is say okay how do we approach
these extraordinary times with
extraordinary measures knowing that we
have a sacred trust with the American
people about safety and efficacy but
still at the same time enable these
treatments to get into patients and
that's what we're doing how likely is it
that the 15-day guidance that you would
will have indications later on dr.
Bergson became a bit there are three
states and ten counties if I got that
right
where 50% of the cases our focus should
those areas be doing more measures such
as shelter-in-place
I think they actually are doing a lot I
mean I know New York is working very
diligently been very strong
I assume San Francisco's one of the
areas in Los Angeles and the state of
Washington obviously that's one that has
to be up there they're all working very
hard to to quarantine or words just
about the equivalent of quarantine
planters for government workers
are you moving for the government as
well to start doing more teleworking we
are and we're doing we're using the
medical term of telemedicine and it's
been incredibly busy and really you know
what people don't have to ever eat some
people can't do it anyway they can't get
up they can't see a doctor but we're
using this and it's been telehealth
different names and I will tell you that
it's been really successful it's helped
a lot of people out where they don't
have to and they can't and even from a
safety reason if they are positive they
are if they are feeling poorly they
can't do it or we don't want them
transmitting anything to anybody else on
China they reported for the first time
since the outbreak no new cases over a
24-hour period do you have any reason to
disbelieve them and second to that the
National Security Council yesterday put
out a tweet very critical of the Chinese
government saying the Chinese Communist
Party suppressed initial reports and the
Chinese virus and punished doctors and
journalists causing Chinese and
international experts to miss critical
opportunities to prevent a global
pandemic could you expel it would have
much better if we had known about this a
number of months earlier
it could have been contained to that one
area in China where it started and
certainly the world is paying a big
price for what they did and the world is
paying a very big price but not for not
letting them come out everybody knows
that we all know that as far as as far
as believing what they're putting out
now I hope it's true
who knows but I hope it's true about
China quite a bit talking about the
Chinese virus how if you have heard
about this on day one and had more
information possibly you could have
stopped a big difference are you
thinking about any types of
repercussions for China and are you also
rethinking sort of the supply lines
for our manufacturing I don't want to
comment on that right now
yeah I have a question for you and also
question for dr. Burks at you American
workers across the country are losing
their jobs an unprecedented rate and
your former economist said we could see
some of the worst job numbers ever is
the government prepared to see the spike
in unemployment no worst case scenario
you would have terrible job numbers if
we can get this thing wrapped up and
finished earlier things will go very
nicely and one of the things they're
working as you know one of the elements
that is being worked on very much so in
the hill is to keep the jobs going so
that when we do get rid of the virus
we're going to be able to just really I
think go like a rocket I think the
economy is going to be fantastic know
when he said that he was using that as
the ultimate bad outcome I don't think
anybody believes that's gonna happen
members of Congress are now being tested
positive for echovirus and you have
almost two dozen or so Florentina do you
have any guidance for Congress should
they I know all of them and I don't know
if they're sitting like you people are
sitting you're actually sitting too
close
you should really we should probably get
rid of about another 75 80 percent of
you I'll have just two or three that I
like in this room I think that's a great
way of doing it we just we get a new way
of doing it but you're actually much too
close you know you take you should leave
immediately
but but look look I know all of them
they tested positive hopefully they're
all going to get better and it's one of
those things it's Congress
so they keep going to the hello
somewhere they tested positive they're
in quarantine and I know Lindsay and
many others are they they didn't test it
but until they got the result they put
themselves in quarantine a number of
people in Congress right now are in
quarantine they don't know the results
when they get the result they'll leave
us stay there and get better because
people get better I mean most people are
getting better most by far the people
are you get better doesn't mean it's not
a tough one it is a tough one but now
when they many people in Congress have
felt not perfect or they met somebody
that wasn't perfect it turned out to be
positive and they've put themselves in
quarantine and I think they think
Congress has behaved unbelievably well
in that regard do you think a
trillion-dollar stimulus is enough well
we'll see what happens it depends how
long so much depends on what's going on
in this room in terms of the medical if
we can stop it in its tracks the virus
it's plenty if we can't we'll have to go
back and talk do you support the idea of
the government taking an equity stake in
certain people are coming people are
coming in for money in some cases no
fault of their own but in some cases
where they did certain things over the
course of the years including by buying
back stock you know they bought back
stock and they paid a high price for it
as it turned out but maybe I view that
as a little bit differently than
somebody that didn't and somebody that
built plants all over the United States
of which there were plenty of them two
airlines are Boeing or what what do you
think we will be helping the airline
industry we will be helping the cruise
ship industry we probably will be
helping the hotel industry will probably
be where jobs are created you don't want
to lose industries like this these are
incredible industries you can't lose
them so we'll be focused on many
industries and I have to say I can't say
to struggle enough we will be helping
small businesses that's where it's
complicated because
a lot of small you know that's the
engine of the of the country we will be
helping small business these will be
words that you need to pause this one
trillion dollar stimulus package for the
economy do you expect this to slow down
with delivery of checks for American
families and are you considering any
more consecutive option they could be
we're looking at a couple of things that
I could do hopefully we won't need it
but we can do was there's a lot of
executive power if we don't have to use
it that would be a good thing not a bad
thing yeah please Thank You mr.
president one for you right now the
economy is essentially ground to a halt
thanks for telling stores of clothes
travel has slowed down but what's the
rush deflation we know that everybody in
the room knows it the question is how
long should those who are either not
working right now or business owners who
have to make critical decisions how long
should they expect the state of affairs
as it stands at this moment to play out
and for for the doctors behind you'll be
able to tell you that very I think in
the near future we'll see where we're
going you're gonna see numbers you've
seen the graphs you're gonna see numbers
and we'll be able to let you know I will
say that the American public has been
incredible for the most part not at all
cases but for the most part so you'll be
able to see what's happening over the
desk as we say we had a 15 day period
you'll be able to tell a lot in a week
or so not everything but we'll be able
to see over a period of time and for all
the parents that are home right now this
is a question for dr. Burchard dr. Adams
who are caring for their children and
are curious as to when my kids be able
to go back to school what do you think
is a realistic timeline well I think you
know most of all of those decisions are
made at the state and local government
level and each state and local
government has handled it differently
that's why we put out from the president
federal federal presidential guidance to
every single person about what we think
is important for the next two weeks and
as we look at that data will be able to
see have
having an impact I think you've all seen
the modeling studies those were driven
by the modeling studies showing that you
add these things together they have a
bigger impact than separately and so
those are part of the decision-making we
had a whole group of modelers in
yesterday they're compositing all the
data together to look at this carefully
because everyone has those same
questions of what the impact will be and
what pieces could essentially be removed
and you still have the same level of
impact in decreasing the spread of the
virus the absolute key to this though is
every single American looking at the
president guidelines and taking it
seriously the acts of selflessness that
I am seeing are so impressive across the
board but if even 10 or 15 percent of
the population decides that what they're
doing today is more important than the
health and welfare of the rest of the
Americans they can spread the virus in a
very strong way because you know the
level of contagion I have to say if
chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine works
or any of the other things that they're
looking at that are not quite as far out
but if they work your numbers are going
to come down very rapidly so we'll see
what happens but there's a real chance
they might not be surprised with him in
the next few days in a crowded subway in
Sao Paulo or in a bus in Rio because he
is the president it should view the
people what do you think about that
what's your message
well he's a friend of mine number one
and number two we had dinner the other
night and everybody said he was positive
and he wasn't positive he tested
negative so that was I I was quite happy
when I heard that but I have no message
for a mother than he's doing a good job
in Brazil a good job in Brazil he's very
popular
I can't tell you about that I don't know
about that I have not heard that he's
doing a very good job Brazil was very
troubled before he got there and he's
the people loved him and popular I think
he's doing a very good job there are
Americans who were travelling abroad or
essentially stopped unable to come home
we spoke to a parade ten women who
Americans to where well we spoke to ten
American women who were in Morocco for
instance all the flights have been
canceled their hotel is shutting down
they literally have no place to stay and
no way to get home they are asking you
they're asking the administration the US
government for help what can be done we
know about it we have groups we have a
group of young people in in Peru and
we're working on taking care of that
with the military yeah we're looking to
take no not evacuation what we're trying
to get them out and you know they got
caught they were late with their flights
we gave them a period of time they
didn't make it but we're looking to get
them out with military probably through
the military we have a group of young
young people I think young men or young
people could be women also with them
from Alabama the great state of Alabama
and they're in Peru and we're working on
that right now
trying to get them out it's a large
group it's about 300 well we're gonna
work it out Jeff the President to sort
of foreign policy related questions and
your talk with the g7 leaders earlier
this week did you discuss together
ending or postponing the Olympics yeah
we did discuss it as you know Prime
Minister Abbey was on the call and
that's a big decision for him and we
don't know what his decision is but we'd
live with his decision it's a tough
situation they've done an incredible job
Japan has done an incredible job when
building the venues getting them built
you know you've seen so many Olympic
venues that have been a disaster over
the years where they cost five times
more than they were supposed to they
weren't ready in time Japan has been
just the opposite they built it
beautifully they built it for what it
was supposed to be built for but then he
got hit with the same thing that the
rest of the world got it
unexpectedly he has he has told us that
he has not made a decision as to what to
do so on foreign policy have you spoken
to the leaders of Saudi Arabia or Russia
and encouraged them to stop this glut of
oil that is affecting the market well
the one thing I will tell you is that
from the standpoint you always get a
little bit torn because you know until
we became the leading producer I was
always for the person driving the car
and filling up the tank of gas and
gasoline and the prices were if they
were too high I would always raise hell
with OPEC and I was always somebody that
liked saying I never thought I'd see 22
and 24 and 28 dollars a barrel but
that's what we have and in one way our
consumer is very much helped it's like
it's like a massive tax increase that's
bigger than any tax increase decrease
that you could give you know we can give
all these big tax cuts but they're
paying so little for gasoline but on the
other hand it hurts the great industry
and a very powerful industry so I spoke
with numerous people that have a lot to
do with it
and we have a lot of power over the
situation and we're trying to find some
kind of a medium grant you know it's
it's very devastating to Russia because
when you look I mean the whole economy
is based on that and they have we have
the lowest oil prices in decades so it's
very devastating to Russia I would say
it's very bad for Saudi Arabia but they
were in a fight they were in a fight on
price they were in a fight on output and
at the at the appropriate time I'll get
involved the cruise ships be used for
well Mickey called up and he said if you
need them and we haven't said yes I'll
call Governor Cuomo I'll I'll call Gavin
from Gavin Newsom governor from
California I'll call a few of the other
governors they're going to bring it up
today because we're meeting through
phone through telephone telephonically
as they say in a little while at FEMA
I'm going out of FEMA from here
well you can increase places to stay
let's say places to stay if it works I
mean you know I don't know maybe people
won't want him but he made the offer it
was a very generous offer and he said
that he has some ships that would be
ideally suited for what we're doing and
certainly they have a lot of rooms
they're big and they have a lot of rooms
so we appreciate it from Carnival only
getting tested if you're well you should
only good we should I didn't have any
symptoms that I got a test but I got a
test because you people were driving
everybody crazy so that's the other is I
had no symptoms but I had a test and my
doctor told me don't get it you don't
need it everybody said you don't need it
but I had to do it because the press was
going crazy and then after I got it they
said you shouldn't have gotten it you
had no symptoms you know the whole thing
so in other words if you get it it was
no good but that's I'm a unique case
unfortunately but no people that don't
show symptoms and people that have
doctors that say they shouldn't get it I
would rely on that yeah I would rely on
racist because it's food that originates
in China or it has no I don't think it's
racist I don't think it's racist at all
on that note major left-wing news media
even in this room have teamed up with
Chinese Communist Party narratives and
they're claiming you are racist for
making these claims about Chinese parts
is it a little mate that major media
players just how close you are
consistently siding with foreign state
calm agenda Islamic radicals of Latin
gangs and cartels and they work right
here at the White House with direct
access to you and your team it amazes me
when I read the things that I read it
amazes me when I read The Wall Street
Journal which is always so negative it
amazes me when I read the New York Times
is not even I don't I barely read it you
know we don't distribute it in the White
House anymore in the same thing with the
Washington Post because you see I know
the truth and people out there in the
world they really don't know that they
don't know what it is they use different
slogans and different concepts for me
almost every week trying to catch
something last week it was all chaos you
see me there's no K I said no chaos I'm
the one telling everybody to be calm
there's no chaos at the White House we
have unbelievable professionals it's
really I mean I think I came up with the
term I hope I came up with the term but
it is fake news it's more than fakeness
it's corruptness they write stories
without calling anybody they write a
story today I had a couple of stories
where they never call me ever that I
know of at least nobody tells me they'll
write a story about me without even
asking my opinion on something it's
totally fake I've never seen I mean
there is a story in The Wall Street
Journal today about you know about how
we've done we've done a phenomenal job
on this the governors David even gavin
newsom who you know I'm usually fighting
with over the fires and I think you
should do a different kind of a job at
the in the forests and lots of things
we've we argue a lot but Gavin Newsom
has been very very generous generous
Andrew Cuomo has been really very
generous I mean they're saying we're
doing a great job and everybody's saying
but then you read this faint
phony story
in the Wall Street Journal or where the
washington post is going wild lately i
don't know what happened to them i guess
something happened like we don't call
them back or whatever but the washington
post these are very dishonest media
sources they're very dishonest and you
know what someday hopefully in five
years i won't be here and that'll be
fine I will have done I think a great
job because I don't think anyone has
done as much in three-and-a-half years
as I've done I don't think and the
administration this administration has
done a great job but the press is very
dishonest well I think they do I mean I
mean they are siding with they are
siding with China they are doing things
that they shouldn't be doing this I do
with many others China is the least of
it so why why they're doing this you'll
have to ask them but if we had an honest
media in this country our country would
be an even greater place so ladies and
gentlemen thank you very much we are
very excited about we are very excited
about in you know specifically what we
talked about with the chloroquine I
think the I think it could be something
really incredible it could totally
depress the times that we had mentioned
wait excuse me excuse me it could
totally depress that we're talking about
if it works there are a lot of reasons
that I have to believe again dr. Han is
the expert but a lot of reasons that I
would have to think that it could have a
very positive effect or a positive
effect maybe not very but maybe maybe
positive I think it's to me very very
exciting and the beauty is I think I can
say this Dave the beauty is that these
drugs have been out there so they're
really danger part of the drugs
especially chloroquine it's been out
there for years so we know it's
something that can be taken safely so
it's very important
go ahead and what I want to assure you
because of the questions that were asked
we want to make sure that this is done
well and right for the American people
the president is right with an
off-the-shelf drug we do have a lot of
information about the side effects of
the drug so that really helps in terms
of expediting but but I want to show you
that we're working as quickly as we can
I don't want to speculate about a
timeline at this point with respect to
vaccines that's in phase one trial as I
mentioned we're expecting that to
proceed moving forward and we're working
with a number of different other
companies about vaccine development is
it possible to Phase three can be fast
tracked that we might see a vaccine
before that year you this is a terrific
question and we are really trying hard
at FDA to partner with great industry
great academic partners to do exactly
that
no promises can be made but one thing
that we're doing is really working hard
to fast-track as much as possible and
they have other time Sumeet will be
meeting hopefully not for very long I
mean it would like to see this get
cleared up and we think we've to me this
was a very important conference because
I really think there's great potential
here and a lot of people are going to be
trying it soon like literally very soon
literally in a matter of days if not
sooner in some cases it's already being
experimented with and there's been some
very good results we'll see what happens
but if if we can be even partially right
maybe we'll be fully right but even
partially right on it this whole subject
becomes a much more pleasant subject so
thank you all and we'll we're going over
to FEMA now so I don't know who's going
but we're going to FEMA we're going to
be discussing with the governors and
lots of other
you know what I think that's enough